# OpenVent.org Minutes
## Meeting Information
**Meeting Date/Time:** 03/26/2020, 1500 UTC  
**Meeting Purpose:** Discussion of project  
**Meeting Location:** Remote  
**Note Taker:** Noah  

## Attendees
People who attended:
- Noah Wood
- Joao Reis
- David Wilkinson
- Tancred Yip
- Henry Palolen
- Ivica Matic
- Sean Erickson
- Kirill
- Necronemesis

## Agenda Items



| Item                | Description                                                  |
| ------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------ |
| Organizing Team     | • Leads for project<br />• Bringing In Experts<br/>• Using Trello |
| Future Meetings     | • How to handle future meetings                              |
| Project MVP         | • Minimum viable product and project requirements.           |
| Project Design flow | • How we will be designing? (Top-down, bottom-up)            |
|                     |                                                              |



## Discussion Items

| Item                | Who                  | Notes                                                        |
| ------------------- | -------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------ |
| Leads For Projects  | Tancred              | • Identify team leads for major tasks.<br />• Team leads don't need to be experts, but should be knowledgeable of the entire project. <br />• Team leads should assist newcomers in getting started.<br />• Team leads should be easily accessible for newcomers. |
| Bringing In Experts | David                | • Ensure easy access to information about the project.<br />• Embed trello link in site & slack.<br /> |
| Using Trello        | Tancred              | • Make daily tasks small enough in scope to easily be completed.<br />• Assign people to tasks.<br />• Planned tasks go in "to-do"<br />• Urgent tasks should go in "current"<br />• Tasks currently assigned should go in "Doing"<br />• Completed Tasks should go in "Ready To Review"<br />• Reviewed Tasks should go in "Done". |
| Future Meetings     | Tancred              | • Team leads should share an overview of their completed work and next tasks to complete. |
| Project MVP         | Kirill & David       | • Basic requirements exist, but not well organized.<br />• Pulmonologist would be beneficial in finalizing. |
| Project Design Flow | Noah, Tancred, David | • System-wide overview as black-box is required<br />• Break down each component into smaller functional overviews. |
|                     |                      |                                                              |


## Action Items
| Done? | Item                            | Responsible   | Due Date   |
| ----- | ------------------------------- | ------------- | ---------- |
| Yes   | Embed Trello Link in Site/Slack | Tancred       | 02/26/2020 |
| No    | Add Agoria Tasks To Trello      | Sean Erickson | 02/27/2020 |
| No    | Find Pulmonologist              | N/A           | N/A        |
| No    | Create System-wide overview     | N/A           | N/A        |
| No    | Establish Team Leads            | N/A           | 02/27/2020 |
| No    | Evaluate Hot-Wire Amenometer    | David         | N/A        |

## Other Notes & Information
1. We need to establish points of contact for newcomers, essentially a streamlined onboarding to bring people up to speed on what needs to be worked on.
2. We need to bring in experts by better organizing the project.
3. All team leads need to move tasks from slack to trello board, discussion on slack is fine, but the tasks should be written down on trello as a quick reference on what needs to be done.
4. There are affordable "Hot Wire Amenometers" available commercially from Modern Device, need to be evaluated to determine suitability. 
   https://moderndevice.com/product/wind-sensor/
5. Make sure tasks have small scope
6. Make sure things make sense, don't put the cart before the horse.

